happy birthday twins my computer and a
car thanks mom and dad Kelly go ahead
and open your present
okay how would you expect condoms nice
present Kelly shut up duck scag I'm
gonna box flap yes shut bag will you
stop fighting you two were twins
goodness sakes don't they have the same
thoughts Chiz playstation fiscal
responsibility Tom Skerritt Kelly where
are you going out poor Kelly what are
you gonna do with your life I'm going to
get what I want choose choose choose oh
my god choose let's get some chips let's
get some chips let's put some shoes
let's get these shoes shoes shoes oh my
gosh is choose vicious brawl vicious
vicious roll stacious sock shoes oh my
god shoes dishes rule they should stop
dishes suck tisha stop I think it's from
the shoe shut up I they get too many
shoes shut up but they get too many
shoes shut up but the gift to me shut up
stupid boy stupid boy let's get some
shoes let's party
these shoes are three hundred dollars
these days or three hundred dollars
these shoes are three hundred fucking
dollars let's get up oh this style runs
small I don't think you're gonna fat I
mean your fader on a bag oh by the way
batch
fucking shit
those shoes are mine
that's